docs: note that setting a nodejs version always downloads something (#6684)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/configuration/config.md

There is no need to reconfigure `nodejs_version` unless you want a version other than the version already specified, which will be the default version at the time the project was configured.

> Note that specifying any Node.js version will cause ddev to download and install that version when running `ddev start`. If optimizing startup speed is your biggest concern (such as in CI), consider only using the version of Node that is included with DDEV by default.

Reviewer: Isn't it actually this?

```suggestion
Note that specifying any non-default Node.js version will cause DDEV to download and install that version when running `ddev start` the first time on a project. If optimizing first-time startup speed (as in Continuous Integration) is your biggest concern, consider using the default version of Node.js.
```

Author: Agreed! Committed.
